FFWEB-1792 remove single hit redirect feature (#264)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/4.x/en/documentation/single-hit-redirect.md

## Single Hit Redirect

> The built-in single hit redirect feature, due to its limitations, was deprecated in version 3.x and since 4.x is removed.

Reviewer: Version numbers tend to be formatted in monospace font.
```suggestion
The built-in single hit redirect feature, due to its limitations, was deprecated in version `3.x` and since `4.0.0` it is no longer available.
```

However, you are still able to implement a similar mechanism using the Core API.
By definition single hit redirect is a mechanism which redirects users to a record page only if they did an exact search i.e. asked for a specific product by providing its identifier.

> The Removed mechanism was checking for the `resultArticleNumberStatus` property of the search result object in order to determine if the response contains only one record returned with 100% search similarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The removed mechanism was checking for the `resultArticleNumberStatus` property of the search result object in order to determine if the response contains only one record returned with 100% search similarity.
```
